[Music]
hey Roland Travis canford here at All
Stars with covers presented by HTC
eSports I'm joined right now by hot sir
who is also sponsored by his she's HTC
eSports how great is that it's fantastic
Hahn sir what has all start been like
for you so far because I know it's only
like the first day but what's this
experience like for you well it's been a
pretty show so far you know we came here
pretty early did the opening ceremony
and we just played a first champions
Brazil my match was pretty easy as
expected and seems like a pretty chill
event there's not much going on just
like play games and then you go home do
you like this is this like a fun thing
for you you get to see other people the
stakes aren't too high I I think it's
pretty fun I'm just like if there's like
a more of a prize pool because you know
you kind of incentive to win yeah I mean
yeah it's just like based on pride
pretty much and that's fun play for it
but when like where we're from na so we
play here all the time and so go into
the studio is just like any other day
for us it's not very exciting and and so
obviously that's unfortunate but the
fans are here is that cool I mean
actually there's like a ton of China
fans that have come out for this stuff
like Chinese LPL fans is it is it neat
for you to kind of play in front of a
bit of a different audience at all yeah
it's cool I mean that yeah there's a lot
of global fans here a lot of Brazilians
a lot of Chinese people it's nice to
have like some diversity from the normal
like in offense and it's good to like
gain more fans from overseas and in
South America so it's always nice well
so what do you think of the 1v1
tournament because that is something
that's a little unique to this event
yeah the one who didn't tournament is
really fun actually I've been winning
winning bearson for practice and he's
pretty good he he's so try hard in the
games like I'm like trolling around me
and my car one day when I am for
practice and we're like trolling around
picking like weird-ass picks and he's
just like picking the most trihard
champs trying to win so you know you can
tell he's really dedicated to it
unfortunately I was a paid for the 1v1
of life to go because you know it's
really fun and you gotta test your
skills but no bjergsen see here I going
I think he'll do pretty well yeah what
is it like for you to play with a bit of
a different lineup obviously Mike young
this first chance that you're actually
competing with them but then you also
have two different players you don't
normally play with so yeah I mean even
playing with Mike it's like our first
time playing together so it's just mean
Soren playing with three new people it's
we've had like one or two scrim blocks
and those are gone like pretty decent
just by like how much practice we've
gotten like there's our first time
playing and then this match was our
third day together this match today so I
think we're steadily progressing and you
know we could be a good team if we had
time but yes for all-stars it's really
fun to play with sneaking an afro
they're really troll sneaky memes a lot
afros pretty chill so I think it's just
a good time what do you think the
chances are that na wins this whole
thing could this be the first event for
us
you know it's highly possible valasek a
team looks pretty good they look really
really strong but I think there's a good
chance we'll be top two top four
something up there top four we're
getting up there yeah yeah I mean are
they like going into the tournament
other teams have been practicing a lot
like Chinese Chinese teams or the China
team the European team they've been
screaming for like two or three weeks
ahead of this tournament while us na we
just came together the last few days we
haven't had that much time to practice
so and like me personally I haven't
played league since bulls is over and I
recently started on the first so like
I've only had a few days to practice and
I get back into the groove so I'm not
like putting the best I can I mean
that's no excuse but you know they
definitely have a lot more practice and
time on us so we're gonna try to get as
far as we can rig is there anything that
you would like to say to any of the TSM
fans out there or na LCS fans or
all-star fans anybody out there
thank you guys for coming to all stars
watching us supporting us
I'm shout-outs HSC they have a really
good phones and that's it very good very
good well thank you so much for the
interview looking forward to seeing how
you do and hopefully you're able to
power up bjergsen for the 1v1 so that he
can kick butt for everybody thank you so
much everyone also you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel